>> Steve Kinney: And so the ability to
kind of create and fine tune with these,
I think is absolutely fascinating.
And it takes again almost everything
we saw altogether in there as well.
And I think you can do
kind of creative things.
I think with all these
things there's obviously,
we can opine on the kind of practical and
day to day things, which again,
I think the ability to then pull out
data from specific documents, right?
Or the ability to kind of like arbitrarily
classify stuff or pull out the nouns and
stuff with that named entity recognition
are all practical and useful.
But I also think the areas
where things become fun again.
Cause there's only so many turns of the
kind of eras of our industry where it's
like a whole bunch of crazy new fun things
that we never thought about doing and
then those things are less magical
again and all those things.
So I think there's a lot of
opportunity for creative coding.
Like I said earlier, we looked at a lot
of interesting stuff with text and
we did a few things with images.
There's a lot more that
you can do with images.
But there's again, audio, there's video.
And I think for a lot of these things,
the interesting part is
the intersection of how does the audio.
Could you mix and
match these things together?
Right, right.
I think the fact that you can pull
them all into whether, you know,
hugging space also has this idea of spaces
where you can like, they're not unlike
what we saw in those Google Colab
notebooks where you can like run code and
host it incredibly easily.
But I even think the ability
to kind of like, you know,
tell a story with markdown, have access to
GPUs, run stuff, you know, in storage and
kind of share that kind of stuff
makes things incredibly easy as well.
But the important part is, I think for
me, whether you do it in Python or
like I said, you can do a lot of the tech
stuff in Typescript, whether you
use hugging face or grab the models
yourself doesn't necessarily matter.
I think the important parts are.
One is the immediate neural pathway
unintended of when we think about AI,
that we think about these
big foundational models and
we think about ChatGPT and
just that one generative modality
where we think about the fact that
just grab one of those API keys and
put a wrapper on top of it,
versus when we looked at the thing where
we could fine tune the style of
the quotes on a very small model.
And fine tuning process I think ran in
what under a few minutes on the free
tier hardware with a Data set of 2,500
records on top of a small model,
and we were able to drastically change
as much as one can on a tiny model
with a small data set, but
effectively from rambling garbage to
a structure that was consistent that
ended in the right part with a very
small data set on a very small
model with very cheap hardware.
There are a lot of things that we
can do with a lot of these tools
outside of the grab a OpenAI API key and
wrap it.
To be clear,
there's a lot you can do with that too,
which I think is also
incredibly important as well.
But there are all these smaller,
more practical things.
I think the big thing about a lot of
this AI stuff is that you can take this
unstructured data and
bring structure to it incredibly easily.
And then those are a lot of times the hard
part of most applications, right?
So being able to pull that in,
I think becomes incredibly useful.
All right, means it killed it.